Add release notes for 0.11.0 (#2338)
chocolatey/choco: CHANGELOG.md

**NOTE**: If you have a licensed edition of Chocolatey ("chocolatey.extension"), refer to this in tandem with [Chocolatey Licensed CHANGELOG](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/blob/master/CHANGELOG_LICENSED.md).

> ## [0.11.0](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues?q=is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A0.11.0) (unreleased)

Reviewer: Do we normally update this after merge/release?

### BREAKING CHANGES
 * Disable importing / loading of DLL in the extension folder - see [#2333](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2333)
 * choco list -e -a returns pre-releases even when --pre is not passed - see [#2304](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2304)

### BUG FIXES
 * Fix - Prevent creation of empty nuget.config in user appdata folder - see [#2233](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2233)
 * Fix - Upgrade all with remembered arguments changes packages to pre-release - see [#2111](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2111)

>  * Fix - When reporting installed applications not all currently installed packages are correctly removed from list - see [#2092](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2092)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Fix - Software applications are being reported as not being managed by Chocolatey when their associated package is installed - see [#2092](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2092)

```

 * Fix - choco pack fails when running on Mono when current directory is not the same one that contains the .nuspec being packed - see [#2263](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2263)
 * Fix - Running choco pack on Mono on Linux will not include any files in .nupkg if there is no files element in the .nuspec - see [#2258](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2258)
 * Fix - Nuspec files with forward slash creates nested layer of directories when packed on Windows - see [#2166](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2166)
 * Fix - Prevent loading of Chocolatey GUI Licensed Extension assembly - see [#2078](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2078)
 * Fix - Working directory always being replaced with configured cache location when using Start-ChocolateyProcessAsAdmin - see [#2051](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2051)
 * Fix - Temp location can change unexpectedly when using System credentials - see [#2044](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2044)
 * Fix - Incorrect output regarding package files when package can't be found to be downloaded - see [#1962](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/1962)

### IMPROVEMENTS

>  * TBD - see [#2266](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2266)

Reviewer 3: "TBD"?

>  * TBD - see [#2266](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2266)

Reviewer 3: "TBD"?
